[PL-39781] Add a note to install delegate with custom cert installation topic (#2408)
harness/developer-hub: docs/platform/2_Delegates/secure-delegates/install-delegates-with-custom-certs.md

---

This topic explains how to install delegates with custom certificates. There are two aspects of custom certificates:
1. A certificate for the delegate Java process, which makes connections to external systems.

> 2. A certificate for the OS itself, so if another process, such as a shell script, is spawned, it can access custom certificates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. A certificate for the OS itself. With this certificate, if another process, such as a shell script, is spawned, it can access custom certificates.
```
